Chi i chi!  Amitabh  post ci nh ngn nm c 1 :D
I pic like
Achha movie hain......!!!!!!
I like piku movie
This week, the Obama administration took important steps to eliminate any ambiguity around the reforms that the Affordable Care Act calls for. Under the law, most insurers must now cover at least one form of birth control with no out-of-pocket expenses in each identified category.
Sir.. u look the youngest and youthful of them all..
Very beautiful and kind
Chi i chi!  Ajas  post ci nh ngn nm c 1 :D
Aap abhi javan hai sir
Dear Amit Sir ji please read this msg.
This is not a simple msg.
This is life for a son and his parents.
Very good but role of irfan Deepika was commendable
sab gaane mujhe bht pasand aaye :)
Irrfan Khan ji aur Amitabh ji! I am a very big fan!
Aap sabhi Merried lady se anurodh h k Amitabh sir ki post pr koi bhi merried lady comment na kre coz aa sb k comment krne se unko buddaha hone ka ehsaas hota h jbki vo abhi buddhey nhi hue h.
Bhaskar to Bhaskor! Amazing
:) :( :) :( Nice :) :( :) :( Like Back ..
Great ! Mr. Irfan......all of you very casual acting the movie Piku.
Realy such of beautiful &amp; super hit movie amazing
Harstikke lauwe pic. :)
the winning team,good work
U r the best sir ji
amit ji kam se kam sahara india ke paksh me kuch toh bol dijiye ...
Amitabh's picture reminds me when in Coolie he pulls his billa 786 from his arm &amp; shouts hartaal (strike)
Best movie of this year
Best movie of the year
Kise ko delhi call boy ka no lena h to send me requst
It is a blessing to the indian film industry that movies like Piku can be written made and are being actually enjoyed . Seeing a Rainbow
u are the best sir v
Movie of the year!
Right here...  I could see Amitabh bachhan of Zanjeer and Deewar. AB rocks. A volcano of his time and our times.
He he wonderful what a fight between daughter n father
i like alot bachan family &amp; madhori dixit one &amp; only :)
loved the movie.Role still written keeping you in mind and you were terrefic as an old retired,selfish,arrogant,stubborn and mental